Updating APM MCP Preview Tools list (#37112)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/bits_ai/mcp_server/tools.md

- Get the details of Watchdog story `abc123`.

### `apm_latency_bottleneck_summary`
*Toolset: **apm***\
*Permissions Required: `APM Read`*\

> Analyzes latency bottlenecks across traces during an anomaly period and returns a compact text summary using self-time calculations. Examines the top 30% slowest traces to identify which service and resource combinations consume the most self-time, detect cascading call patterns, and find root causes of latency spikes.

Reviewer: Fine as is if you feel those extra details are important. Here's an idea to tighten though:
```suggestion
Analyzes latency bottlenecks across traces in an anomaly period using self-time calculations. Identifies which service and resource combinations consume the most self-time, detects cascading call patterns, and surfaces root causes of latency spikes.
```

Author: @datadog fix this
